Basic structure of Dharma Buddhism, the hallowed program.
So start writing your first program here with me.
First of all, I have already shared a video on how to install Eclipse.
Once you have installed Eclipse, you should go to file new and approach Java project.
Once you had your project, you can add a package.
You will see the facade, see a folder here, and you can start adding your package.
Like this one sample could look.
So I have added this package and let this start adding a new class here.
Q So what is the name of the class is the latest?
What?
You want to have a public static word metal in that if you want to add construct those superclass inherited
abstract plans, you can select those kind of things.
So for now, we just run the main matter.
I'll explain why you want this particular method.
So as you know, Jeb is a glass bit language.
Every line of code is written inside glass.
Okay.
So you can see here the classes ended.
So as you know, we can argue and declare variables inside the plaza can add metals, oil or constructors,
all the colors done inside the class.
And this is public static would mean is the matter.
From there, the execution of Java code starts.
Okay.
So this is the triggering point for Java code.
So this method acts like the triggering point.
Now what I want to do is I want to just the blueprint.
Hello world.
Right.
So this public stand for the network, which is public.
It's that big white.
That means it doesn't return anything.
If I write in integer here, then it will return.
An integer will expect to return.
Doing nothing is there to return it versus an argument in a string array format in case we want to take
an input.
Okay.
So let's start writing the system.
Look out.
But.
But in.
Will help us bring anything under control.
Okay, so let's bring.
And what?
Okay.
See.
So this is all in moodle.
Method system to download print deliver and to run this model you can either select the platform or
you can select a few it right click then as.
Job application.
So you will get the result in the console.
Should.
Hello World.
That's it.
So this is the this is how you can start writing your code, create your class, and add your main method
and start writing your code.
So that's it for this video.
Let's move on to next model.
This is a class.
Let us see the example of some of the primitive data types with the code.
So this is a data type class that I've added the top and we're using data type, boolean, boolean can
hold two values, true and false.
So here it is.
In the logic, we are initializing B to two.
And if B is true, then representing high and this.
It will show high geeks.
Right now I am making the value of be as a false right.
Then it gets off that this will not get printed instead.
I will bring this.
Right.
Oh.
It does run this.
Yeah.
It's printing this.
Hello.
So let's take another example here for some of the primitive data types.
So here we are declaring a character.
This is in is for integer.
We can just give the data type name, go the variable name and its value.
Indigenous numeric value bite holds bite.
In short, if memory is a constraint, then you can use this particular detective.
This will give Ed Asner what is larger than the bite range.
Okay.
So if the memories are constant, then you can use this data, right?
That is a short.
This will give error as is the number larger than short range, this range.
So if you want to use fractional numbers, you can use float and double and girlfriend doing all this
so variable.
Sure.
So let's run this example and also.
Okay.
So.
Chicago teachers might short and double.
So these are some of the optimal pacing, non primitive data type.
So as we go ahead in dozens of strings and arrays currently, let's focus on the primitive data types
and try to utilize in your code different types of data types and so you can practice that in this way.
So that said about data types, let's move on to the next part.